Update/v6.1 (#320)
tikv/website: content/docs/6.1/new-feature/overview.md

- Raftstore is stuck, which is caused by RocksDB write stall.

- Raft election times out, and the node leader is transferred as a result.

**This new mechanism improves the flow control algorithm to mitigate QPS decrease when the write traffic is high**.

[Click here](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#storageflow-control) to see user guide.

## Wtrite latency improvement

**Reduce the write latency by separating I/O operations from Raftstore thread pool** (disabled by default). For more information about tuning, see [Tune TiKV Thread Pool Performance](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tune-tikv-thread-performance).

## Support Raft Engine (experimental)

Support using Raft Engine as the log storage engine in TiKV. Compared with RocksDB, Raft Engine can **reduce TiKV I/O write traffic by up to 40% and CPU usage by 10%, while improving foreground throughput by about 5% and reducing tail latency by 20%** under certain loads. **In addition, Raft Engine improves the efficiency of log recycling and fixes the issue of log accumulation in extreme conditions**.

> Raft Engine is still an experimental feature and is disabled by default. Note that the data format of Raft Engine in v5.4.0 is not compatible with previous versions. Before upgrading or downgrading the cluster, you need to make sure that Raft Engine on all TiKV nodes is disabled. It is recommended to use Raft Engine only in v5.4.0 or a later version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v6.1.0, TiDB uses Raft Engine as the default storage engine for logs. Compared with RocksDB, Raft Engine can reduce TiKV I/O write traffic by up to 40% and CPU usage by 10%, while improving foreground throughput by about 5% and reducing tail latency by 20% under certain loads.
```

[Click here](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#raft-engine) to see user guide.

## Support Continuous Profiling

> TiDB Dashboard introduces the Continuous Profiling feature, which is now generally available in TiDB v6.0. Continuous profiling is not enabled by default. **When enabled, the performance data of individual TiDB, TiKV, and PD instances will be collected all the time, with negligible overhead**. With history performance data, technical experts can backtrack and pinpoint the root causes of issues like high memory consumption, even when the issues are difficult to reproduce. **In this way, the mean time to recovery (MTTR) can be reduced**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV Dashboard introduces the Continuous Profiling feature, which is now generally available in v6.1. Continuous profiling is not enabled by default. **When enabled, the performance data of individual TiKV, and PD instances will be collected all the time, with negligible overhead**. With history performance data, technical experts can backtrack and pinpoint the root causes of issues like high memory consumption, even when the issues are difficult to reproduce. **In this way, the mean time to recovery (MTTR) can be reduced**.
```

[Click here](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/continuous-profiling) to see user guide.

## Accelerate leader balancing after restarting TiKV nodes

> After a restart of TiKV nodes, the unevenly scattered leaders must be redistributed for load balance. In large-scale clusters, leader balancing time is positively correlated with the number of Regions. For example, the leader balancing of 100K Regions can take 20-30 minutes, which is prone to performance issues and stability risks due to uneven load. **TiDB v6.0.0 provides a parameter to control the balancing concurrency and enlarges the default value to 4 times of the original, which greatly shortens the leader rebalancing time and accelerates the business recovery after a restart of the TiKV nodes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a restart of TiKV nodes, the unevenly scattered leaders must be redistributed for load balance. In large-scale clusters, leader balancing time is positively correlated with the number of Regions. For example, the leader balancing of 100K Regions can take 20-30 minutes, which is prone to performance issues and stability risks due to uneven load. **TiKV v6.1 provides a parameter to control the balancing concurrency and enlarges the default value to 4 times of the original, which greatly shortens the leader rebalancing time and accelerates the business recovery after a restart of the TiKV nodes**.
```

[Click here](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/pd-control#scheduler-config-balance-leader-scheduler) to see user guide.

## In-memory pessimistic locking

Since TiDB v6.0.0, in-memory pessimistic locking is enabled by default. After enabling this feature, pessimistic transaction locks are managed in memory. **This avoids persisting pessimistic locks and the Raft replication of the lock information, and greatly reduces the overhead of managing pessimistic transaction locks**. Under the performance bottleneck caused by pessimistic locks, **memory optimization for pessimistic locks can effectively reduce latency by 10% and increase QPS by 10%**.

[Click here](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/pessimistic-transaction#in-memory-pessimistic-lock) to see user guide.

> 

Reviewer: Just realized this section probably apply to TiDB only. We should remove it.
